docs: add some details into the enterprise-edge dockerhub landing page (#1614)
Unleash/unleash-edge: docs/dockerhub-enterprise.md

# Unleash Enterprise Edge

Unleash Enterprise Edge is a high-performance proxy layer between Unleash and your SDKs. It runs close to your
applications, keeps feature flag data cached, and helps large installations scale client and server SDK traffic without
increasing load on the Unleash server.

> This image contains the enterprise build of Unleash Edge. It requires a valid Enterprise Edge license and is intended for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This image is the enterprise build of Unleash Edge and requires a valid license. Learn more about [Unleash Enterprise Edge](docs.getunleash.io/unleash-edge).
```

> customers using the enterprise-only Edge capabilities documented at

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> [docs.getunleash.io/unleash-edge](https://docs.getunleash.io/unleash-edge).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
